So here's how we're going to do it.
The first thing is, we're going to implement three of five or two of
five depending on the requirement multi-party consensus.
So in our scenario we're going to define
a few contract administrators when the contract is deployed.
Then we're going to add three of five control,
and what we will do is ignore repeat function calls by the same administrator.
We'll also add a test to validate that this particular code works.
Now, this is one approach to the solution.
I'll also talk about a second approach.
If you'd like you can defer having
the administrators defined at the point of the contract deployment.
You can create a function that registers and un-registers users.
In fact, we have just such a function already setup in the contract,
so you may want to use that.
So the goal of the exercise is to control
the operating status variable with a three of five multi-party consensus.
Now I say three or five here,
but the moment you have it as any number greater than one the solution will work,
so you could do two of three,
you could also do three of four and so on and so forth.